So I am married Teoh, a man named Brian. And he and I met when we were
both doing our PhD work. So in graduate school, um, and he was actually
a year behind me. Um, and we were great friends all through. We
weren't We weren't together as a couple or anything through grad school.
We were just really, really good friends. Everybody thought we
were together, but we were not together. We were just friends. And
we hung out all the time because we liked all the same stuff. And it
wasn't until I actually finished my PhD and had gotten a job in California
at U C I and was ready to leave that all of a sudden we were
like, I'm really gonna miss you like I'm really gonna miss you. And
that was when we kind of realized that there was maybe maybe something
a little bit more going on there. And of course, all of our friends
were like, You are both morons. Because we saw this coming a mile
away. Anyways, we were both slow on the uptake. So we got married.
Um, he actually managed to also get a job out in California. He actually
got a job at U C L A. So he was working at UCLA. I was working
at U C. I and we got married. And then we both got our first real jobs.
Uh, right a year within a year, getting married, we both got our
riel jobs. Um, he got a job with the pharmaceutical industry and I
got a job at Cal State Fullerton and then a little bit over a year
later, we had triplets, and we have two girls and one boy, and that
was it for us. We were We were one and done. So my family now is my
husband, Brian, my three Children who are now 15 years old. We have
also dogs and cats and chickens and a bunch of other things that I have
to keep alive.